very good all boys looting you
I repeat once more in a video in which
we will learn to install android 4.4 kitkat
anna troberg world war and 55 h of 5.7
This process will be done by hard reset
with which we lose all the files
of our device and we will have to
make a backup of it a
Once the backup is done we will go to
the official page of bq we will select
of our device and also
we will select the latest version of
android in our case kitkat
download the latest version of the
device has not increased and
also downloading the drivers
once downloaded the entire file
content on the desktop simply
we have the folder res driver and
we will execute install
with the phone off and unconnected
to the usb
now we go to metric tools
flash and we run flash tour point of
elche with the phone off we plugged
the microusb cable to us mobile
it's catherine and we go to the folder
our rom decompressed there
we will find a txt file which
will give the
instructions in our program
then we will select firmware plate and
then we will double once the
call will begin to load the program
and now on another phone the icon will appear
of the company then the icon of
the battery as if it were charging
normal when the program of
do everything did not have to be all
right with that tick
if you want to know more about your
finish the bq simply subscribe
to the channel since good we will extract many
more news applications
so well I hope you liked that
share it with other friends sign
If you like what I do
thank you very much for watching me
see you later